Derivative 1D (#5)
Mayank447/Pseudo-Spectral-Discretization: README.md

# Pseudo-Spectral-Discretization

# DiracOperator Class

> The `DiracOperator` class implements the Dirac operator with methods for applying it to spectral coefficients, computing eigenvalues and eigenfunctions, generating a lattice structure, and transforming values between time and frequency spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DiracOperator` class implements the Dirac operator with methods for applying it to vectors in real-space and spectral representation. It takes a spectrum as defined below.

# Spectrum

Spectra are defined as classes which provide, among other things, knowledge about the eigenvalues and the transformations between real and spectral space.
```
